jayco stage 5 taking the riders away
from McLaren Vale they said a few times
during the day though and onto a lunga
and the famous / longer he'll 131
kilometers in all thomas de kent trying
to get the race warmed up the new leader
in the Jayco sprint competition it was
quite a series of attacks at first
despite the strong winds and in the end
eight riders did get clear Michael
Hepburn Edward Bergen op 1 hora CH host
van layin subasta hedo Tanit kangaete
john murphy and david igano unable to
leave the race for a long time and this
suited the oka jersey camera Meyer down
to the ground two minutes ahead they
were sprinting out the Jayco points and
the man most likely to gain David begana
helped himself to a three second time
bones in a close finish Sebastian a doe
was second there the peloton always just
in the distance would always keeping the
breakaways in sight more caviness on the
left wing and song song seemingly
enjoying a day in the McLaren Valley
down to a longer and through the
powerade feeding station the riders are
still holding on to that lead but they
were never escaping the clutches of the
field this is where the manager of a
Saxo Bank sungard team advised the his
man Sebastin ahead 02 rest at the back
the AL dingo dingo popped in as well but
he soon ran away when he saw the speed
of these riders as they fought out the
second spin at 63 kilometers an appoint
this time the American BMC rider John
Murphy just getting the better of David
viganò who this time got a two second
time bonus throughout the day he was the
race leader of the tour now on the road
the team's knew it and Mark Cavendish a
sprinter was trying to power the group's
back up to the leaders cabin he's
thinking of his teammate Matthew goes on
to the first climb of the old Willunga
Hill and the chase was all but over the
field came together and now it was
showdown time in the remaining
kilometres of the stage 2 times up the
mountain big test for the 23 year old
youngster camera Maya who rides for the
garment Civello team the orange-clad
Aziz of the u.s. Goodell is goody team
all gave way to the man who's turning
out to be quite a climber on this race
and over the top of the Skoda king of
the mountains goes at Luke Roberts to
consolidate his lead and he is the only
leader of this competition since the
race started in Adelaide taking
advantage of a slight lull on the way
down Lance Armstrong got himself into a
group of seven riders let's not forget
he's riding his final international race
of his career but there were two riders
in this breakaway far too important to
let go Gutierrez of Spain this Arceus
Spain so the peloton chased them down as
they're approaching the left turn
heading into the player town of willunga
and the oval on the hill for a second
and final time for all together and that
was when Ben Herman's unleashed his
strength he was quickly followed by
Richie Porte and he was policed by Jack
for bridge ba bridge a teammate of
Cameron Meyer over the top goes Hanlon's
keeping the pressure on they had 15
seconds lead Richie Porte of Tasmania
was in there as well Bob bridge just
following annum ba bridge went down as
they were caught he made that left-hand
turn and was left sitting in the road
with a rather small seriously injured
David Lopes in the sprint for the finish
though it was all but over as Michael
Matthews made the run but they were all
out witty by Francisco ventoso who got
the stage win Matthew goes in third
place closed his gap by two seconds on
the leader Cameron Meyer
but the man-of-war lunga was certainly
francisco mint ozo gets his first win of
the year for movie star a new team
camera Maya holds on to the oka jersey
all smart the 23 year old who received
his award from a family of South
Australia my grand salon yamas we've had
this stage in our mind since the very
first day we knew and we looked at this
course before the race and thought that
if we could get over were longer hell
with a lot of riders we'd have a chance
and my team had four men present at the
end of the race the team did a fantastic
job to close down on the three-man break
away and in the end I had very good legs
I was able to get the window vara vara
welcome that was a pretty grippy race
today around old Willunga Hill but
you've still managed to hold on to the
Oakland leader's jersey yeah my team
road fantastically and in the end of the
day I was a perfect situation obviously
it looks like matt goss has picked up a
few more seconds and closed the gap in
sales michael matthews but in the end of
the day the job was to not let them get
the full 12 seconds back and hold on to
the jersey today and then we'll look to
see what we have to do tomorrow so it
was well done it's going to make a very
dramatic finish so around adelaide
you're going to be waiting till the very
final curtain to find out whether or not
you're gonna win this gentles Tour Down
Under yeah I'll be having fingers
crossed maybe hopefully Tyler's got a
few legs tomorrow to make a make some
time bonus over the other sprinters but
yeah it's going to come right down to
the wire but I got a good team around me
and hopefully we can have a good day
tomorrow must be strange for a guy like
you to be looking at Julian Dean and
looking at Tyler Forester saying wow
those guys are working for me today yeah
it was a bit weird obviously those two
swapped off brilliantly for the first
70k today and I'll sit behind and
normally it's me sitting in front of
them doing the work but no they were
fantastic out there the team ride
absolutely beautifully and all the way
to what tactics we had talked out about
this morning and and it paid off we've
still got the jersey and confidence
going into the final stitch yeah
confidence today we wrote we rode really
well my legs were good so hopefully
tomorrow everything works out well when
we might have the jersey at the end of
it and the tool win